Started project on 2/15/2026

Prior Experience:
    I've currently developed 2 small full-stack sites, one of which was my first-ever project that went into
    API requests, a database with users and user articles, salting and hashing user information, JWT tokens, and
    a fully fledged tile frenzy game created by me with the guidance of a more experienced developer.

    For the other full-stack project, I used a site template, fully customized it to be monkey-themed,
    and worked with WebSockets to implement global chat rooms for users, and the ability to change the site
    background for all users.

Reason for Project:
    I really liked the full-stack dev experience, and while I feel happy with how much I learned from my last
    2 projects, I also realize that I have massive knowledge gaps when it comes to implementing depth
    in my system. Currently, I do almost no error handling, and I've had a few security risks when it came
    to things like SQL injections and whatnot. So this time around, I want to really take my time to understand and
    implement all the systems correctly. This project will also be a culmination of everything I have learned;
    users will interact with WebSockets, and we will have stats and accounts tied to a database, etc.

Stack:
    Backend: FastAPI
    Frontend: React (Vite + TS)
    DB: PostgreSQL
    Realtime: WebSockets (in FastAPI)
    Optional later: Redis, Docker deploy

Run Front/Back:
    Front: npm run dev
    Back: python.exe -m uvicorn app.main:app --reload --app-dir Backend

Goals:
     • Write type hints into all my functions
     • Handle errors and edge cases better


Future Ideas:
    Users
     • Statpage: WPM, Time Spent Typing, Level, Win/Loss %, etc...
        for statpage i think on user creation i will assign them a uid, and on requesting the stats page we can redirect them
        to a page with thier uid in the url along with all stats stored for that uid
        
     • Leaderboard: Maybe implement an elo system on win / loss, very basic just flat values, show users wpm, level, etc...

    Gameplay:
     • Can have a tournament mode where X player enter, face off 1x1 in a race, move next if win.

    Themes:
     give site settings menu, can select from a few color schemes


Actual Devlog Part - (gonna be rambly):

    Setup Period:
        Ive never woked with react, vite, or fastapi so i did have ai guide me through a lot of the initial setup and my first push to my repo just for ease.
        the project will now fully be in my hands and ai will only be used as a tool to research and not to solve problems, as that would defeat the purpose of learning


    2/21/26:
        coming back from weekend, dont remember where i am in the project, think i just finished basic frontend.
        todays goal is to implement PostgreSQL and make the logic for our login / register.
        just looking to make mvps tonight, if we can get basics working then we move to securing everything properly